480 data label (#530)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-data-label/README.md

# Ids Data Label Component

## Description

> The IDS Data Label component used to show both label and value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IDS Data Label component used to show both label and value for readonly (non editable data).
```

## Use Cases

> Typically, these data labels are useful to show information with top/left/right label positioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you need to show a readonly data item with a label
```

## Feature (With the Code Examples)

> ```html

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Shows a data label with one top label and one with a left label.

```html
```
